docs(lsp): Improve documentation for Sublime Text (#8797)
denoland/deno: docs/getting_started/setup_your_environment.md

#### LSP clients

Deno has builtin support for the

> [Language server protocol](https://langserver.org) after version 1.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Language server protocol](https://langserver.org) as of Deno 1.6.0 or later.
```
